# Release 0.1.0

The initial release for the Northern Region IG. Key features:

* A profile on Patient. This is based on [NZ Base](http://build.fhir.org/ig/HL7NZ/nzbase/branches/master/index.html), with some modifications. (These can be seen in the [differential](http://build.fhir.org/ig/HL7NZ/northernRegion/branches/master/StructureDefinition-HaPatient.html) view)
* Placeholder profiles on Organization and Practitioner (empty at the moment)
* Extensions to indicated that the patient has validated that contact information is correct and that is can be used.
* A CapabilityStatement resource that describes the API to be exposed. There is a [rendered version](http://build.fhir.org/ig/HL7NZ/northernRegion/branches/master/CapabilityStatement.html) in the spec, and the resource itsef is found in the input/capabilities folder of the repo. If the API implemented differs from this resource, then the resource must be updated. Please raise a github issue in this case.
* Some examples

## Notes
* The README in the IG has details of the folder structure
* The zip file containing the complete IG is attached to this release. It can be unzipped into a single folder for local viewing (start with index.html). Note that references to NZBase are to the continuous build version of NZ Base as this has yet to be released. However, modifications to profiles in NZBase will NOT alter the profiles in this release, in particular the profile snapshots represent the complete wire format of the resourcs to be exposed.
* Much of this IG specializes the [NZ Base](http://build.fhir.org/ig/HL7NZ/nzbase/branches/master/index.html) IG. As noted above, detail links are to the continuous delivery site.
* The Logical models represent the 'Information models' and so may not exactly match the profiles.

  

## Feedback 
Use either github issues or the existing email channels for feedback or questions.


## Known issues

* The urls for the Terminology (and to a lesser extent) the profiles and extensions) from NZBase are not finalized and may change in future releass
* There will be a new extension added for residential status (likely to NZ Base and therefore inherited by the Northern Region Patient profile)
* There will be a new extension added for birthsex (likely to NZ Base and therefore inherited by the Northern Region Patient profile)
* The 'IG Companion' has been removed from this release as the examples have not been uploaded to a FHIR server
  